Fix code formatting in the Update 5 release note (#6721)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.5.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

#### Support binding of resource functions to a generic native method

A new way has been introduced to support the binding of any resource method to a generic native method regardless of the resource path parameters. The generic native method should be defined with a `BArray` parameter, which represents all the path parameters. To avoid errors due to overloaded methods, it is recommended to define the parameter type constraints as well.

For example, the following Ballerina resource method,

```ballerina

> isolated resource function get abc/[int p1]/[string p2]/[string p3]/[int ...p4] (string s) = @java:Method {
>         'class: "javalibs.app.App",
>         name: "getResource",
>         paramTypes: ["io.ballerina.runtime.api.values.BObject", "io.ballerina.runtime.api.values.BArray", "io.ballerina.runtime.api.values.BString"]
> } external;

Reviewer: Can reduce indentation by 1 (tab) for L282-L284 also.

```suggestion
isolated resource function get abc/[int p1]/[string p2]/[string p3]/[int... p4](string s) = @java:Method {
    'class: "javalibs.app.App",
    name: "getResource",
    paramTypes: ["io.ballerina.runtime.api.values.BObject", "io.ballerina.runtime.api.values.BArray", "io.ballerina.runtime.api.values.BString"]
} external;
```

Author: Fixed.

> A new way has been introduced to support the binding of any resource function to a generic native method regardless of the resource path parameters. The generic native method should be defined with a `BArray` parameter, which represents all the path parameters. To avoid errors due to overloaded methods, it is recommended to define the parameter type constraints as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new way has been introduced to support the binding of any resource method to a generic native method regardless of the resource path parameters. The generic native method should be defined with a `BArray` parameter, which represents all the path parameters. To avoid errors due to overloaded methods, it is recommended to define the parameter type constraints as well.
```

> For example, the following Ballerina resource function,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following Ballerina resource method,
```

- Improved the listener's behavior to exit when a panic occurs.

#### `persist` package

> >**Info:** The Ballerina persistent is an experimental feature. APIs might change in future releases.

Reviewer: Incomplete sentence.

```suggestion
>**Info:** The Ballerina persist module is an experimental feature. APIs might change in future releases.
```

```suggestion
>**Info:** The Ballerina persistence feature is an experimental feature. APIs might change in future releases.
```

Author: @daneshk

- Added support for specifying the fields to be retrieved from the database table in the `get` function. This allows the user to retrieve only the required fields by setting up the target type of the `get` function.
- Added support for retrieving associated records from the database table in the `get` function. This allows the user to retrieve associated records along with the main record.
- Added support for setting multiple associations between the same entities. The relation owner should be the same for all associations.
- Added support for specifying the relation owner in the one-to-one association. The associated entity field must be an optional value field in the child entity.
- Added code actions to make defining the data model easier.

#### `regex` package

> - Deprecated and will no longer be maintained or updated. Instead, it is recommended to use the [`ballerina/lang.regexp`](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/lang.regexp/latest) library for continued support and updates. For more information, see the new [RegExp type example](/learn/by-example/regexp-type), [RegExp operations example](/learn/by-example/regexp-operations), and [Regular expressions feature guide](/learn/distinctive-language-features/advanced-general-purpose-language-features/#regular-expressions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `regex` package has been deprecated and will no longer be maintained or updated. Instead, it is recommended to use the [`ballerina/lang.regexp`](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/lang.regexp/latest) library. For more information, see the new [RegExp type example](/learn/by-example/regexp-type), [RegExp operations example](/learn/by-example/regexp-operations), and [Regular expressions feature guide](/learn/distinctive-language-features/advanced-general-purpose-language-features/#regular-expressions).
```

Author: This will be redundant as we have `regexp package` in the title.

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be a complete sentence anyway?

#### Language Server

- Added quick fix support for the `Extract to local variable` and `Extract to function` code actions.
- Added completion support for regular expressions.

#### Persist Tool

> >**Info:** The Ballerina persistent is an experimental feature. The commands associated with the tool might change in future releases.

Reviewer: See comment about this earlier.

Author: @daneshk

Author: Fixed.

> >**Info:** The Ballerina persistent is an experimental feature. The commands associated with the tool might change in future releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**Info:** The Ballerina persistence feature is an experimental feature. The commands associated with the tool might change in future releases.
```

Author: Done.
